Write a web application in ASP.NET which uses the following 2 database tables:
- table Persons: id (int), name (string), age (int), gender (string: male or female)
- table Channels: id (int), ownerid(int), name (string), description (string), subscribers (string)

The 'subscribers' field of a record from the Channels table contains a list of persons
who are subscribed to that channel along with the date each subscriber subscribed to the
channel. The user should be able to specify his/her username in a text field when starting
to use the application. The user should be able to see all channels owned by a person (the person
is specified by his/her name; the owner of the channel) - display all fields of each channel. 
The user should also be able to see all the channels he/she is subscribed to (display only 
'name' and 'description' for each channel). The user should also be able to subscribe 
himself/herself to an existing channel (you don't need to check if this channel exists, 
you can assume it exists). If he/she is already subscribed to this channel, only the date 
of his/her subscription should be updated in the 'subscribers' field of that channel.

Grading scale:
- 1 point by default (oficiu)
- configure web environment, create DB, display all channels owned by a person     : 2
- display all channels current user is subscribed to                               : 3
  (check if the user name appears in the 'subscriber' field of a channel)
- subscribe the user to a channel                                                  : 4
  (check if user name is subscribed to this channel, if not, add it to subscribers; 
  if he/she is subscribed, update the date of subscription for this user)

You are not allowed to use any other DB tables except the ones specified above.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The server-side technology (PHP or JSP or ASP.NET) is not at your choice, it is 
fixed by the exam subject. However, you can change this technology to another 
one of your preference, but in this case the final grade that you receive will 
be cut at 6 (i.e. the maximum grade that you can get for this practical exam is 6).
